Time to practice what you learned thus far. I'm in a new application here and I imported bootstrap
for this application, I simply grabbed this link here from the bootstrap webpage, this CDN link and inserted
in the index.html file.
Now in this application, I basically have the same set up as before but without my home and server status
components, I'm not registering any components globally or locally,
instead I only have my main app here,
this object I'm exporting here or not even exporting here but I could export here
and I have my template.
This is all just html code with one little vuejs addition here,
I do have my loop here where I loop through a couple of servers,
couple of list items which I then see here on the left and then I add the details on the right. Side note,
it's not possible to click a server to update
this, we'll work on this in the next course module when we dive deeper into components but it looks like
a dashboard, kind of. I also
got this footer here and this header, the task for you now is take this application, take this code which
you find attached to this lecture and restructure it such that you use components, so that in your app.vue
file, you only use components for the header, the footer and so on.
Try to be very granular to really split it up as far as it makes sense
and then in the next video, we can compare the solutions.
It is up to you if you register your components globally or locally, pick whatever you like and I'll
be back in the next video where I will show you what I ended up with.